and very good to all of you and that's
cristian and today I come with a tutorial and
Today I am going to explain to you what the
good compass
most people that I've seen that
has compasses
I've seen myself good just come and
your pretty ones come in but a compass here
so that our garbage
with seen ahead but do not know the
great tool they are pulling
hany kauam I 'm going to explain to you
can do with this tool gave hit
and sheets can be a tool
too useful
and I'll teach you how to make good one
paper and a compass for a quantity
considerable power
put the same place 1
we put here
we put the
but if the paper here around as if
out an oven but it's not word and now
I can fly to the middle in no way in
White
when the target is clicked
straight
we can see that a map is made
all right
a map
with my case it is made of glass
orange can not be seen in this
moment
you can not see the ceiling so it's
logical
and good
so if you want to talk about
this map that is to enlarge what the rest
so they look smaller and they're going to put
many parts so blank that you
they have to discover it and it would be
enlarging the map so as not to get lost
because for example
here we are here here we can not anymore
there he stays there he will stay
that is the coso you are going to appear and
are we going to the side of the arch or something not
they will know where they are
so I can recommend something
I voted it here this is not
I will recommend it
come a little more for here
in the middle and put a ballot here
we grab this
and what happened to you
well no change has not changed this to
Sometimes it happens I do not know why but
dad but always not worth
do not
What is it
Y
I do not know why that always happens but
then we have there is
maps 7 come see they look more
small
now we will be able to investigate more
I put some around here now let's be able to
investigate more and we will not miss
because we know that like that square that
is there in our house
and we could not get lost so I
I think I have concluded teaching them the
great tool that can be done with
him with a compass and paper
good
and I hope it has served me
tutorial
and give him little hand up share and
subscribe well I think that over here
I'm going to leave, we'll see each other until
next video goodbye